ADD keyboard vortex/M0110_625_ansi (#21911)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/vortex/m0110/ansi/m0110_625/readme.md

Reviewer: if possible, can an imgur.com hosted image of this board be added?

Author: @dunk2k Here is the keyboard link, https://imgur.com/a/g50pW7Q

Reviewer: please add the following line to `readme.md` underneath the title text:
```
![m0110_625_ansi](https://i.imgur.com/mofis1Vh.png)
```

# M0110-625 

An 61 keys keyboard, Equipped with the WestBerry Q95 microcontroller.

* Keyboard Maintainer: [GSKY](https://github.com/gksygithub)
* Hardware Supported: M0110-625
* Hardware Availability: [GSKY](https://github.com/gskygithub/M0110_625_ansi)

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

>     make vortex/m0110/ansi/m0110-625:default
> 
> Flashing example for this keyboard:
> 
>     make vortex/m0110/ansi/m0110-625:default:flash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    make vortex/m0110/ansi/m0110_625:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make vortex/m0110/ansi/m0110_625:default:flash
```

# M0110-625 
![m0110_625_ansi](https://i.imgur.com/mofis1Vh.png)

An 61 keys keyboard, Equipped with the WestBerry Q95 microcontroller.

* Keyboard Maintainer: [GSKY](https://github.com/gksygithub)
* Hardware Supported: M0110-625
* Hardware Availability: [GSKY](https://github.com/gskygithub/M0110_625_ansi)

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make vortex/m0110/ansi/m0110_625:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make vortex/m0110/ansi/m0110_625:default:flash

> To reset the board into bootloader mode, do one of the following:
> 
> * Hold the Reset switch mounted on the surface of the PCB back side after the USB cable is connected
> * Fn+Tab will reset the board to bootloader mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Bootloader

Enter the bootloader in 3 ways:

* **Bootmagic reset**: Hold down the key at (1,6) in the matrix, top left key/Escape, and plug in the keyboard
* **Physical reset button**: Hold the Reset switch mounted on the surface of the PCB back side after the USB cable is connected
* **Keycode in layout**: Press the key mapped to `QK_BOOT` if it is available
```
